README.md, before:

# Welcome - What To Expect In Phase 1

## First,

### Congratulations!

Welcome to the the start of Phase 1 &mdash; our core JavaScript content! What
you've done so far is no small feat. There is much more ahead, but you're well
on your way!

___

## The Journey of Learning Something New

### The Stages of Learning

You will see below an image that illustrates the stages of learning that each of
us goes through, at least when it comes to programming:

![alt text](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20468684/44881320-33845480-ac7d-11e8-8a69-5e30c51ebfd9.jpg "Consciousness of Competence")

1. START: You don't know what the road to knowledge looks like.

2. SECOND: You've learned what the road looks like, and consequently you know
   you're rather far from your end goal.

3. THIRD: You're working toward the goal via the road, acknowledging an increase
   in knowledge along the way.

4. GOAL: You got to the goal and moved on to other roads, taking the knowledge
   with you!

### The Emotional Journey of Creating Anything Great

You will see below an image that illustrates the emotional journey of creating
anything great. We want you to take a look at this because there is much that
you and your cohort mates can take away from it as you enter the most intensive
of the five modules:

![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/X4QR5en.png "The Emotional Journey of Creating Anything Great")

1. The first point we want share with you is that it is normal to feel the
   weight of Phase 1 (and the entire program) on your shoulders &mdash; you will
   not be alone in however you will be feeling. Many students are actively going
   through the same thing. Lean on each other! We encourage you to find others
   at the same place in the course as you and make time to work together towards
   your shared goals.

2. The second point we want to share with you is that you should try to be aware
   of where you find yourself mentally and emotionally, and should act
   accordingly to attempt to stay out of the dark swamp. Lean on family, and
   remember to have confidence in your support system. If the administrative
   support system available to you is not clear, talk to an instructor and a
   meeting can be arranged with the two of you and an administrator such as the
   Senior Program Manager.

### Putting It Together

We know JavaScript is new to most (if not all) of you. It is not unusual, when a
student gets to the second step of "The Stages of Learning" and sees how long
that road is, to feel discouraged. If you feel that happening to you, keep the
above two points in mind and also keep confidence in the curriculum: it is a
thoroughly crafted, thoroughly tested, and further refined system that is
designed to get you ready for the workforce!

### Personal Empowerment Protocol

1. Read the Error
2. Google the Problem
3. Ask a Neighbor
4. Ask an Instructor

___

## The Content

### Things to Know

* Learning JavaScript can be difficult because it is a language with many quirks
  and a large vocabulary.
* The material for this module requires increased use of critical thinking and
  problem solving skills. You cannot pattern match to solve the labs.  Your
  priority should be drilling down and understanding the underlying concepts,
  not just passing the tests.
* Test your code often! As you code, you should be regularly checking your
  *assumptions* about what your code is doing against what it's actually telling
  the browser to do. Continually ask yourself what your code is doing and why it
  is doing it.
* One topic does not always flow into the other. This is because JavaScript has
  many moving parts.
* Going forward, **not all assignments will have tests**. There will be
  some that are more open-ended. These are provided to allow you to practice
  applying concepts without being restricted to a specific design. You will need
  to use your judgment to determine how much time you should spend working on
  this content.

___

## Independence

We want to empower you to take control of your own learning. This means learning
to teach yourself how to approach new topics, debug, and find the answers to
conceptual questions.

For this reason, instructors may steer you towards resources, rather than answer
your questions directly. We aren’t avoiding the question; we want to see if you
can read documentation and master Google-fu. These are the skills you will need
in your first job!

Commit message:

add note re repeat prework lessons

README.md, after:

# Welcome - What To Expect In Phase 1

## First,

### Congratulations!

Welcome to the the start of Phase 1 — our core JavaScript content! What you've
done so far is no small feat. There is much more ahead, but you're well on your
way!

**Note:** If you completed the prework, you will see a number of those lessons
repeated here in Phase 1. This is content that we feel is especially important
to review before you move forward. If you feel comfortable with the content,
however, you are free to skim or move on. In the labs, if you see instructions
to run `npm install` or `npm test`, you should use `learn test` instead.

## The Journey of Learning Something New

### The Stages of Learning

You will see below an image that illustrates the stages of learning that each of
us goes through, at least when it comes to programming:

![alt text](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20468684/44881320-33845480-ac7d-11e8-8a69-5e30c51ebfd9.jpg "Consciousness of Competence")

1. START: You don't know what the road to knowledge looks like.

2. SECOND: You've learned what the road looks like, and consequently you know
   you're rather far from your end goal.

3. THIRD: You're working toward the goal via the road, acknowledging an increase
   in knowledge along the way.

4. GOAL: You got to the goal and moved on to other roads, taking the knowledge
   with you!

### The Emotional Journey of Creating Anything Great

You will see below an image that illustrates the emotional journey of creating
anything great. We want you to take a look at this because there is much that
you and your cohort mates can take away from it as you enter the most intensive
of the five modules:

![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/X4QR5en.png "The Emotional Journey of Creating Anything Great")

1. The first point we want share with you is that it is normal to feel the
   weight of Phase 1 (and the entire program) on your shoulders — you will
   not be alone in however you will be feeling. Many students are actively going
   through the same thing. Lean on each other! We encourage you to find others
   at the same place in the course as you and make time to work together towards
   your shared goals.

2. The second point we want to share with you is that you should try to be aware
   of where you find yourself mentally and emotionally, and should act
   accordingly to attempt to stay out of the dark swamp. Lean on family, and
   remember to have confidence in your support system. If the administrative
   support system available to you is not clear, talk to an instructor and a
   meeting can be arranged with the two of you and an administrator such as the
   Senior Program Manager.

### Putting It Together

We know JavaScript is new to most (if not all) of you. It is not unusual, when a
student gets to the second step of "The Stages of Learning" and sees how long
that road is, to feel discouraged. If you feel that happening to you, keep the
above two points in mind and also keep confidence in the curriculum: it is a
thoroughly crafted, thoroughly tested, and further refined system that is
designed to get you ready for the workforce!

### Personal Empowerment Protocol

1. Read the Error
2. Google the Problem
3. Ask a Neighbor
4. Ask an Instructor

___

## The Content

### Things to Know

* Learning JavaScript can be difficult because it is a language with many quirks
  and a large vocabulary.
* The material for this module requires increased use of critical thinking and
  problem solving skills. You cannot pattern match to solve the labs.  Your
  priority should be drilling down and understanding the underlying concepts,
  not just passing the tests.
* Test your code often! As you code, you should be regularly checking your
  *assumptions* about what your code is doing against what it's actually telling
  the browser to do. Continually ask yourself what your code is doing and why it
  is doing it.
* One topic does not always flow into the other. This is because JavaScript has
  many moving parts.
* Going forward, **not all assignments will have tests**. There will be
  some that are more open-ended. These are provided to allow you to practice
  applying concepts without being restricted to a specific design. You will need
  to use your judgment to determine how much time you should spend working on
  this content.

___

## Independence

We want to empower you to take control of your own learning. This means learning
to teach yourself how to approach new topics, debug, and find the answers to
conceptual questions.

For this reason, instructors may steer you towards resources, rather than answer
your questions directly. We aren’t avoiding the question; we want to see if you
can read documentation and master Google-fu. These are the skills you will need
in your first job!
